Adds: Active time interval (#2779)
prometheus/alertmanager: docs/configuration.md

inhibit_rules:
  [ - <inhibit_rule> ... ]

> # DEPRECATED: use time_intervals below

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# DEPRECATED: use time_intervals below.
```

# A list of mute time intervals for muting routes.
mute_time_intervals:
  [ - <mute_time_interval> ... ]

> # A list of time intervals for muting routes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# A list of time intervals for muting/activating routes.
```

mute_time_intervals:
  [ - <string> ...]

> 

Author: Ok, i will update the configuration doc

> 

Author: I update the documentation. I also add an example.

mute_time_intervals:
  [ - <string> ...]

> # Times when the route should be active. These must match the name of a

Reviewer: I think it's worth mentioning here that an empty values means that the route is always active.

Author: Right, I will include this

Author: I update the doc.

Author: It is updated

> # mute time interval defined in the mute_time_intervals section. 

Reviewer: I would expect the same change for the `mute_time_intervals` field above.
```suggestion
# time interval defined in the time_intervals section. 
```

# Additionally, the root node cannot have any active times.

> # Only when a route is active it will send any notifications, but
> # otherwise acts as muted (it ends the route-matching process
> # if the `continue` option is not set.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# The route will send notifications only when active, but otherwise
# otherwise acts normally (including ending the route-matching process
# if the `continue` option is not set).
```

mute_time_intervals:
  [ - <string> ...]

# Times when the route should be active. These must match the name of a
# time interval defined in the time_intervals section. An empty value

> # means the alert is always active.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# means that the route is always active.
```

# Additionally, the root node cannot have any active times.

> # The route will send notifications only when active, but otherwise
> # otherwise acts normally (including ending the route-matching process

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# The route will send notifications only when active, but otherwise
# acts normally (including ending the route-matching process
```

    group_by: [product, environment]
    matchers:
    - team="frontend"

  # All alerts with the service=inhouse-service label match this sub-route.
  # the alert will be mute during offhours and holidays time intervals.
  # even if it match, it will continue to the next sub-route
  - receiver: 'dev-pager'
    matchers:
      - service:~"inhouse-service"
    mute_time_interval:
      - offhours
      - holidays
    continue: true

    # All alerts with the service=inhouse-service label match this sub-route
    # the alert will be active only during offhours and holidays time intervals.
  - receiver: 'on-call-pager'
    matchers:
      - service:~"inhouse-service"
    active_time_interval:
      - offhours
      - holidays
```

## `<time_interval>`

A `time_interval` specifies a named interval of time that may be referenced

> in the routing tree to mute particular routes for particular times of the day.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in the routing tree to mute/activate particular routes for particular times of the day.
```

    group_by: [product, environment]
    matchers:
    - team="frontend"

  # All alerts with the service=inhouse-service label match this sub-route.

>   # the alert will be mute during offhours and holidays time intervals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # the route will be muted during offhours and holidays time intervals.
```

>   # even if it match, it will continue to the next sub-route

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # even if it matches, it will continue to the next sub-route
```

  - receiver: 'dev-pager'
    matchers:

>       - service:~"inhouse-service"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - service="inhouse-service"
```

    mute_time_interval:
      - offhours
      - holidays
    continue: true

    # All alerts with the service=inhouse-service label match this sub-route

>     # the alert will be active only during offhours and holidays time intervals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # the route will be active only during offhours and holidays time intervals.
```

  - receiver: 'on-call-pager'
    matchers:

>       - service:~"inhouse-service"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - service="inhouse-service"
```
